202106032203
Tags: #

---
# 
---
- Is carsharing popular in your city? Have you or your friends ever tried it?
- <mark>Yes, it is very popular. Yes, we always use it.</mark>
- Would you prefer carsharing to a private car? Why? Why not?
- <mark> I prefer carsharing because i can change car very easy. I do not need buy and sell car for it. I use carsharing for test drives expensive car - mersedes, audi, volvo, mini cooper etc. I pay only for driving time and do not care about other when i do not use car. And as opposite i prefer privet car because my drive location on carsharing limited by city borders. If i want drive to a lake, forest or different city it is impossible on carsharing car </mark>
- What do you think you need to rent a car?
- <mark>yes, because carsharing zone is almost always enough for me </mark>
- How can you personally use carsharing services?
- <mark>I use carshering when i need transport at night or when ride at public transport not comfortable</mark>
- Can you compare using a taxi and a carsharing service? What is more comfortable for you?
- <mark>Taxi more expensive because when you order taxi you pay for car and driver and when you use carsharing you pay only for the car. For me more comfortable taxi because i can have a rest  but when i drive carsharing car i must concentrate on the road and traffic</mark>. 
- Do you believe that people will start selling private cars and use carsharing services more and more often?
- <mark>No, i do not. i belive in autopilot taxi.</mark>

---
## Comments
---
### Zero- Links
- 

---
### Links
-