202106102340
Tags: #

---
# Talk with stranger 
---
## BEFORE
Hi stranger. I know good story for you. 

Do you know marshmallow Stanford experiment? No? 

Let share with you.

That is classical experiment series of psychologist Micheal Walter. 

Experiments was conduct in 1960. 

Micheal thought how the ability to resist momentary desires influences on live. 

He offered to children condition: if they will not touch marshmallow in fifteen minutes then psychologist will give more candy in two times. 

After offer psychologist went out from room. There were children sit alone with candies.  

600 children participated In experiment. And only 1/3 of them did not touch marshmallow and wait double portion. 

After few years psychologist met this children when they was adults and made result: Children who have good patience they live better other and they have better degrees and jobs

---
## AFTER

Hi<mark>,</mark> stranger. I know a good story for you. 

Do you know <mark>the</mark> marshmallow  Stanford experiment? No? 

Let <mark>me</mark> share <mark>it</mark> with you.

That is <mark>a</mark> classical experiment series of psychologist Micheal Walter. 

<mark>The</mark> experiments <mark>were</mark> conduct<mark>ed</mark> in 1960. 

Micheal thought how the ability to resist momentary desires influences life. 

He offered <mark>__</mark> children <mark>a</mark> condition: if they <mark>do</mark> not touch marshmallow in fifteen minutes then <mark>the</mark> psychologist will give <mark>twice as much candies</mark>. 

After <mark>the</mark> offer the psychologist went out <mark>of the</mark> room. There were children <mark>sitting alone with candies left.</mark>  

600 children participated In the experiment. And only 1/3 of them did not touch <mark>their</mark> marshmallow<mark>s</mark> and wait<mark>ed for</mark> the double portion. 

After <mark>a</mark> few years the psychologist met <mark>these</mark> children when they <mark>were</mark> adults and made result: <mark>The</mark> children who have good patience <mark>__</mark> live better <mark>than the</mark> other<mark>s</mark> and they have better degrees and jobs.

---
## Comments
---
### Zero- Links
- 

---
### Links
-